**Flexible work hours**
 
We don’t focus on how many extra hours and days you work. We hire everyone to be efficient with their time and get their work done, so that there are no negative impacts on others. We are all working to make the company successful, and we support each other in every obstacle, struggle, and triumph. In times of urgency, you may need to stay late, or work on a weekend day. We take care of our people and will never abuse this, but we expect you to understand that putting in this extra time may be necessary. Accomplishing our mission will sometimes require late nights and going the extra mile - we want a team of people who are excited to do this when necessary, because they understand the impact.
 
If you feel you’re more productive working from home sometimes, then connect with your manager about making this happen. When you work from home, we expect you to be responsive, attend all of your scheduled meetings, and be as productive as you are while at the office. For some of us, working from home may make us less productive, or not even be a possibility given the nature of our work, and we need to admit this to ourselves. Know your limits, and understand your job responsibilities. 
 
We’re flexible with people taking time off to enjoy life! We take a responsible amount of time off each year to experience new adventures, relax, or spend time with loved ones. Everyone’s reasons for needing time off are their own, we just ask that you let your manager and team members know and get your work covered while you’re out. We use our best judgement to know how much time off is too much time off. We all love our freedom, and we never abuse this privilege. Please check out the Playbook for more details on taking paid time off. 

The bottom line is that we hire people to fit our culture and be excellent at their job. We are flexible with where and when they do this.
