We have a few core beliefs that drive how we work together at The Black Tux. These beliefs inform many aspects of our culture, from our perspective on time-off to the way we submit expenses. These beliefs are important to share, because they explain "why". These beliefs also set us apart from how many other companies operate. Some people don't agree with these statements, and that's completely ok. Any culture with a strong identity will not be for everyone.

Belief #1 - **People are trustworthy.** Many people create organizations based on the unconscious assumption that their employees are not trustworthy. This is shown through restrictive policies and rules. These organizations are based on layers of top down control. For example, a company decides they need to implement a strict way to regulate and manage their employees vacation time. The unconscious assumption is that their employees do not know how to manage their own time to effectively accomplish their work. Our belief is that at the core of every human is someone trustworthy, thoughtful, creative, and capable of making important decisions.

Belief #2 - **People are more empowered when given freedom and ownership.** The result of trust is freedom. When a leader trusts his or her employee, they don't feel the need to manage all the details of the work the employee is doing. The leader gives them the freedom to make decisions and mistakes. To the employee, this gives a sense of ownership and respect. When people feel this sense of ownership, we believe they will perform better and are more likely to hold themselves accountable.

Belief #3 - **People must have a sense of personal responsibility to thrive in an environment of freedom.** This is the yin to freedom’s yang. In an environment of radical trust, the individual is empowered to make their own decisions. There will not be guidelines and policies for many things. Decisions must be thoughtfully considered and made responsibly.

Belief #4 - **Emotional intelligence is highly important in the workplace.** To operate in an environment of radical trust requires a high level of emotional intelligence. You must notice and understand the ways ego can influence your decisions. You must have the courage and strength to be radically direct with your co-workers and yourself. You must solicit feedback without taking it personally. You must avoid making assumptions and always practice listening. You must have curiosity toward others. A culture of emotionally intelligent and open people is also a lot more fun.

Belief #5 - **A healthy culture protects what it believes in.** Culture is created by people and is only as strong as our collective commitment to it. It’s an ongoing project that requires participation; you don’t get to benefit from what we’re building if you don’t contribute to it. It will evolve, and we’ll help each other make it better. But if you opt out of the culture, you’re opting out of The Black Tux. 
