We’re moving towards being a less hierarchical organization where power and decision making are distributed throughout teams and is no longer just tied to specific top leaders. In this new structure, we operate as a system of domain experts where all aspects of work are owned by particular roles, and our teams work together as an inter web of connections that are based on peer relationships. 

The structure and practices of each team is based on giving each team member autonomy in their area of expertise. Instead of job descriptions, every role has a purpose and accountabilities. An employee’s autonomy is protected, and they are given freedom to do anything within the purpose of their role. They remain accountable to their team and the company as a whole. Everyone can take action on their own responsibilities as long as it doesn’t violate another's roles accountabilities, and they’ve sought out advice from other experts on the team. 

By outlining everyone’s accountabilities, we allow each team member to be empowered, execute on what they’re excellent at, avoid bottlenecks from upper management, and work together as a balanced unit where everyone is able to contribute their own specialized knowledge.

In this new system, we collaborate with one another regardless of title. We offer each other suggestions, and ideas, but we don’t over-step regarding other people’s accountabilities. We don’t have independent silos or suspicion between departments. We’re all in this together, and we support each other in our successes and failures.
